3.0 Bug Bash Changes (#44)
aerospike/aerospike-graph: node-js-example/README.md

Navigate to `http://localhost:5000` in a web browser
to use the app's UI.

If you get the error 
```
http://localhost:5000/index.html sent back and error.
Error code 403: Forbidden
```
You are most likely running a process on the port localhost:5000 already, terminate it and try again

## Play around with the Graph

This example gives you four visualized queries.
In each of these queries, when the graph is visualized
you can do the following actions:

- Left click and drag in white space to move around the graph
- Use scroll wheel to zoom in and out of the graph

> - Left click, hold, and drag a node to move it around the graph, the connections follow electron phyiscs, so pulling to far can result in moving the entire subgraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Left click, hold, and drag a node to move it around the graph. The connections follow electron physics, so pulling too far can result in moving the entire subgraph
```
A couple of typo fixes.

I don't fully understand what electron physics means here; consider removing the second sentence unless moving the subgraph is consequential.

Author: It can result in overlapping nodes and edges to the point where you cant distinguish anything in the heap of them. I feel its useful to know, but users can always just reload the graph to fix it.
